We're not new to love We both
know the rules I'd give you
everything No
other guy could be
this devoted I
want to tell you how I feel I want you to understand I'll never give up on you I'll never disappoint you I won't make excuses or run away I won't make you
cry I won't
say goodbye I won't
lie to you or
hurt you It's been quite a while since we met I know
your heart is aching but you're too
shy to say it
We're both aware of each other We're
just playing a game If you want to
hear how I feel, do
n't pretend you don't know I'll never give up on you I'll never disappoint
you I won't make excuses or run away I won't make you
cry I won't say goodbye I won't
lie to you or
hurt you I'll never give up on you I'll never disappoint you I wo
n't make excuses
or
run away I won't make you
cry I won't
say goodbye I won't lie to you
or
hurt you
(I won't give up)
(I won't give up) Never you Never you (I won't give up
) Never
you  I'll never give up on
you We've
known each other for quite some time
Your heart aches but you're too
shy to say it
We're both aware of each other We're just
playing a game I want to
tell you how I feel I want you to understand I'll never give up on you I'll never disappoint you I won't make excuses or run away I won't make you cry I won't
say goodbye I won't
lie to you and won't
hurt you I'll never give up on you I'll never disappoint you I won't make excuses or run away I won't make you cry I won't say goodbye I won't
lie to you and wo
n't hurt you I'll never give up on you I'll never disappoint you I won't make excuses or run away I won't make you
cry I won't
say goodbye I won't
lie to you and wo
n't hurt you